[RAPPS-DB] Add Krita 3.2.1 to x86 and x64 (#180)
reactos/rapps-db: krita.txt

[Section]
Name = Krita

> Version = 3.2.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version = 3.2.1.0
```
To be more exact.

Author: In the software context, the webpage and the whole Krita context, that version is reported as 3.2.1, I will keep it like that. Searching in Google Krita 3.2.1.0 is not making any result.

License = GPL

> Description = Krita is an open-source graphic editor that allows to draw, paint and make 2D animation. Is based in KDE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description = Krita is an open-source graphic editor that allows to draw, paint and make 2D animation. Is a part of KDE.
```

Category = 3
URLSite = https://krita.org
URLDownload = https://download.kde.org/Attic/krita/3.2.1/krita-3.2.1-x86.zip
SHA1 = 3f3ff0c2d971b8803fa978efd59f65aa7f8e8f1f
SizeBytes = 71598080

[Section.amd64]
Version = 3.2.1
URLDownload = https://download.kde.org/Attic/krita/3.2.1/krita-3.2.1-x64.zip
SHA1 = cb85d630a8efdbc816296d757e05b1dc3d77943d
SizeBytes = 100532224

[Section.0a]

> Description = Krita es un programa de edición de imagen open source, que te permite dibujar, pintar y hacer animación 3D. Está basado en KDE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description = Krita es un programa de edición de imagen open source, que te permite dibujar, pintar y hacer animación 3D. Es parte de KDE.
```

Author: Done.
